# APEC: Improved Acknowledgement Prioritization through Erasure Coding in Bufferless NoCs
Omnet++ model of a bufferless network-on-chip (NoC) with improved
acknowledgement prioritization through erasure coding.  The model was used to
obtain the results published at NOCS ’19:

[1] Michael Vonbun, Adrian Schiechel, Nguyen Anh Vu Doan, Thomas Wild, and
Andreas Herkersdorf. 2019. *APEC: Improved Acknowledgement Prioritization
through Erasure Coding in Bufferless NoCs*. In International Symposium on
Networks-on-Chip (NOCS ’19), October 17–18, 2019, New York, NY, USA. ACM, New
York, NY, USA, 8 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3313231.3352366

## Getting Started

### Setup
To use the apec model, you have two choices for your setup.
The first is a full Omnet++ IDE development setup.
The second is a Docker setup (running Omnet++ 5.0) without installing the
Omnet++ IDE.

#### Omnet++ IDE (GUI)

Download *Omnet++ 5.0* from [https://omnetpp.org/](omnetpp.org) and follow the
install instructions.

To properly setup the project make sure to
1. Open Omnet++ IDE and check the workspace folder
2. `cd workspace_folder && mkdir apec_bless_noc`
3. `cd apec_bless_noc && git clone https://github.com/mvonbun/omnet-apec-bless-noc.git .`
4. Create a new Omnet++ project
   1. In Omnet++ choose 'File -> New -> Omnet++ Project...'
   2. Project name is `apec_bless_noc`
   3. Location is `workspace_folder/apec_bless_noc`
   4. On the next page choose `Empty project with src and simulations
      folders`
5. In folder `apec_bless_noc`, run `./makemake`


#### Omnet++ Docker
1. Clone repository on your simulation client
2. Run `docker_setup.sh` to setup the project
   1. To update, simply `git pull` the repo and make the project `docker_make.sh`
3. Use `docker_run.sh -c CONFIG -r RUNNUMBER` to run your simulation

You can use `docker_bash.sh` to bypass permission issues when moving / removing
files generated by the other Docker scripts.

#### Test your Setup
You can test your setup running the configuration `Test`.  If you are using the
Docker setup, you can also test your setup running `docker_test.sh`.


## NOCS '19 Result Generation
The results of [1] have been obtained by running the configurations 
- `Conventional`
- `ApecAckFlag`
- `ApecAckLength`
- `ApecNackLength`
found in the config file `simulations/simulation.ini`.


That's all.
